Update Magento_AmqpStore ReadMe (#24276)
magento/magento2: app/code/Magento/AmqpStore/README.md

# Magento_AmqpStore module

> Magento_AmqpStore provides ability to specify store before publish messages with with the Advanced Message Queuing Protocol (AMQP).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Magento_AmqpStore provides the ability to specify a store before publishing messages with the Advanced Message Queuing Protocol (AMQP).
```
